DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
\"You Say You Want An Evolution!\"
DAN: Ever since the other Brawlers and I
arrived back from the Doom Dimension,
I've been on a mission to get Drago to evolve.
And there's only one way to do it.
According to the Six Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia,
I have to beat each of the Brawlers in battle!
And so far it's three down and one to go!
And that's what worries me because the only one left
is Shun and his Bakugan Skyress!
Trust me, this is gonna be tough!
MARUCHO: So Dan, you think you're ready?
Yeah, sure hope so 'cause all I wanna to is get this over with!
RUNO: What's wrong?
You don't sound so confident, Dan...
May the best Brawler win!
Shun?
Let's do this!
I don't care if Drago doesn't evolve,
'cause I battle to... win!
That suits me fine!
Say the word, Dan because I'm ready when you are!
I never thought I'd ever see this happen!
Who do we cheer for anyway?
I don't think we want either of them to lose, right?
MARUCHO: Do we back Shun?
ALICE: Or do we back Dan?
TIGRERRA: Will Fire Attributed Drago survive?
Or will Wind Attributed Skyress?
PREYAS: And you're point is?
I believe this battle is too close to call!
Oh my!
I don't know if I can handle this excitement!
Ah, who cares who wins!
This is going to be one gory battle royale!
Please, Diablo, those are our comrades
you're talking about!
Get off my back, Angelo!
Trust me old chum, I would if I could!
Oooooh, I think I'm more nervous about this battle
than anyone!
We must remember, the stakes are exceedingly high!
This may be off topic,
but has anyone seen Alice?
I wonder where she's hiding?
Who knows?
Ahh, well...
Allow me...
Ya see, her dad's caf\u00e9's been pretty busy lately
and that's where she's been hanging out at...
Isn't that right?
Ahhh...
the caf\u00e9's been busy lately...
How stupid of me, I could I forget that!
[nervous laughter]
Okay, I guess that explains that then...
Yeah...
Hey Runo, I think it's best we keep this on the DL for now...
You're right.
There's no point in making them all worry...
I just wish we knew where she was.
I feel lousy lying like this...
Hey, look guys...
Yo Joe, what's up?
Hey, how's it going?
I heard about the battle between you and Shun
and I couldn't help myself...
I hope you don't mind if I came to watch...
No!
And you're just in time, too!
And I...
well Wavern...
wanted to scope out Drago in battle.
Actually...
this was all my idea...
I'm glad you came!
I don't know about you, but is it getting a little
steamy in here?
Oh Preyas, please!
Enough already!
Oh, come on Drago, we were just tea-sing you...
I said, that's quite enough!
From the first moment they met...
There's been fireworks in the air!
So immature...
[laughter]
\u266a Drago's got a girlfriend!
Let them have their fun, Drago...
But this you must remember!
Victory is imperative!
If you lose, then I could lose the Infinity Core
to Naga!
So good luck, Drago!
Good luck!
And when this is all over,
then we can be together again!
Well, I guess this is it, huh Drago...
Yes. The final test. Are you ready?
Yeah.
Then let us meet our fate, young man.
You really thing we can win this?
Yes I do.
Okay!
Field... Open!
Oh no.
Now this is starting to worry me...
Why in the world did you leave here, why?
If you can hear me Alice...
please come back!
This battle is almost over, Alice!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Centipoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid at 650 G's.
All I want is your Exedra Bakugan
and it's Darkus Power!
It is time I show you the mistakes you have made,
Alice!
Put me into this battle and if you open your eyes,
you will see what I mean!
Do it!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Darkus Exedra Stand!
BAKUPOD: Darkus sensed.
Gate Card...
Open!
Grand Spirit!
This Attribute will jack up my power by 50 G's
and then triple it!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid power increase to 630 G's.
It's time! Hydranoid!
Destroy Darkus Exedra and bring me its power!
With pleasure, Master!
It shall be done!
You don't have enough power to destroy me, Hydranoid!
Ability Activate!
Final Wizard!
Final Wizard Ability is the most valued
of all Darkus secret weapons!
BAKUPOD: Darkus Power surge to 900 G's
plus 100 for a total of 1,000 G's.
Sorry, but your Gate Card has just been nullified!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power Reduced.
Nicely played...
I hope you realize, Masquerade,
that whoever wins this battle,
gains absolutely nothing!
Wrong!
If I win, you're mine, Exedra!
Why?
Why do you have to possess us?
Why Masquerade?
[grumbling]
It's go time, Drago!
I'm ready!
Whoa, talk about intense!
In all my days, I have never seen such a battle!
Yeah, and they're just getting started!
I'd be surprised if anyone survives!
Oh my, by the looks of it, this battle is a dead heat!
Keep on 'em, Drago!
That's it!
Give 'em an upper-cut!
A left! A right!
Keep jabbing, Drago!
Follow through with a round house!
I'm impressed, Drago!
I too, Skyress!
But you surprise me...
At one time you were a ferocious Dragonoid!
Now it seems you've been tamed by your human friend!
I haven't changed, Skyress!
And I'll prove it to you right now!
I hope you're right, Drago!
But I guess there's only one way to find out,
isn't there?
Drago!
Gate Card...
Open!
BAKUPOD: Skyress Power surge to 550 G's.
Oh no!
I can't believe Drago is getting beaten so bad!
Dan!
Use your Ability Card to fight back!
Not yet...
This is it!
Now Dan, now!
Right!
Ability Activate!
D-Strike Dragonoid Attack!
Dan's finally made his move!
Ladies and gentlemen, the show's about to begin!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power surge to 650 G's.
You can do it, Danny!
Go for it, Drago!
Finish this, Drago!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers right after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Ability Activate!
Correlation of Ventus and Pyrus!
Skyress?
BAKUPOD: Ability Card Increases Skyress Power to 650 G's.
Power levels now equalized.
So, it looks like this battle is all about fire
going against wind!
Now it's a battle of will between Drago and Skyress!
Man, I thought we had 'em!
Is that all you've got, Dan?
What's that 'posed to mean, Shun?
Oh please!
Why don't you just give up now?
Shun's right, you can't win this battle, Drago!
Watch me!
Drago!
Wicked!
I'm very worried, Runo!
There is so much relying on Drago winning this battle!
That was too close for comfort!
Nooo!
Dan...
-Drago! -Dan!
Oh, please don't tell me that this battle is over!
It can't be!
It is done...
This better not be a punk!
Answer me, Dan!
Dannn!
Don't goof around!
Don't just throw in the towel like this!
It's your last chance, Dan!
C'mon, is that all you've got for me?
Get up and face me like a real man!
The universe is counting on you!
Why don't you get up, Dan?
We've got to beat Masquerade!
It's your destiny, Dan!
Get up!
Right now!
Oh Shun...
It's all over.
Zip it, Shun...
You're not gonna win that easily...
You're right...
I can't give up...
This about saving Vestroia...
the universe...
this is my destiny!
There's too much at stake here...
I have to give it everything I've got!
I've got to win this battle!
Let's finish this, Shun!
Yes...
Up...
Drago, get up!
Right Now!
I'm here for you, Dan...
Haha!
Some of my fellow Bakugan believe I've lost my edge
because of you, Dan, but they're wrong!
It is you who gives me my strength...
Partner!
My will to carry on!
We are an inseparable team!
Drago!
It's like they say,
it ain't over until the pleasing plump lady sings...
Right!
And because they're at even strength,
it all comes down to strategy!
You can do this, Drago...
Hop on, Dan!
We've got a job to do!
Ready for round two, Shun?
Shun! This time it's winner takes all!
Yeah but remember, Dan, first you have to win!
Oh please!
Why are you doing this to yourself?
What's it all about?
Tell me, Masquerade!
Give up, Hydranoid!
You asked me why I battle...
Alice?
I'll tell you!
It's because I'm a winner and I need to win to survive!
And what I hate most are losers!
You see, I'm on a quest to becoming the best Bakugan
gamer there is!
And trust me, I won't let anything stand in my way!
It is the will of Naga and it will be done!
You need help...
Ability Activate!
Darkus Gazer Dual!
Your pathetic Abilities will not work on me,
my dear friend!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power Increase of 50 G's.
What'd you know...
At least I tried...
What the?
C-Centipoid!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid Power Reduction sensed.
So how do you like my Ability now?
Darkus Gazer Dual lets me hit two birds
with only one stone!
Now try this on!
Fusion Ability!
Destruction Impact!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power Increase.
Your Darkus Power...
will soon be all mine!
Don't be a fool, Masquerade!
Your greed will be your doom!
Ex...ed...
[evil laugh]
Now, Shun!
Ability Activate!
Destruction Delta Storm!
My Baku-Pod shows her power jumping up to 750 G's!
Nice!
It's...
It's not over yet, Dan...
Keep focused, Bud!
We've gotta keep focused and...
Win!
I'm throwing down my Fusion Ability, Drago!
Ability Activate!
D-Strike Dragonoid Extreme!
Attack!
Their power just cranked up big time!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Surge!
They're coming at us!
Dan!
Now you're getting the hang of it!
That's it, Dan!
-Shun! -Dan!
Skyress! What's going onnnnnnn?
It looks like...
Skyress just lost!
I guess that means that...
...it means that...
Drago wins!
Alright!
You did it, Drago!
You're right! WE WON!
Dan, are you okay?
Drago!
[Drago screaming]
What is going on, Joe?
Drago's starting to evolve!
And that goes to prove Dan finally passed his test!
Yes!
You did it, Dan!
Thank you, Dan...
I can't believe it, Drago!
You've evolved!
A true Pyrus Dragonoid!
The Ultimate Dragonoid!
It feels good!
We did it, didn't we, Drago?
Way to go bud, I'm so proud of you!
Dan!
You won fair and square...
I'm impressed Dan, put her there!
Congratulations, Dan!
And to Drago!
Thank you, Skyress...
Thanks, Shun...
for believing in me...
[laughing]
Listen up, Brawlers!
Our next stop...
Masquerade!
It's time to get rid of the old...
and show the world the power of my new Hydranoid!
Another step forward...
to you becoming the Ultimate Bakugan, my fearless pet!
And in no time the Infinity Core will be mine...
no one will dare...
stand in the way of Masquerade!
[evil laughter]
Hey, this is Dan.
And on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
check out all the weird things happening
around the world!
That's because of what's happening in Vestroia.
Here's the deal.
Masquerade called out Joe to battle him, but I said,
\"Leave that freak to me and Drago
and we'll take care of him!\"
That's when all heck broke loose!
It's a fight to the finish...
I just hope I last that long!
And if I don't, that's pretty much the end
of the world as we know it!
That's all on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!